PORT-7418-add-docs-for-all-new-updates-to-gitlab-integration-until-version-0.1.63 (#1076)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/git/gitlab/installation.md

## Configuring the GitLab integration

### `tokenMapping`

> The GitLab integration support fetching data related to specific paths in your GitLab groups. The integration is also able to fetch data from different GitLab parent groups by providing additional group tokens. In order to do so, you need to map the desired paths to the relevant access tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GitLab integration supports fetching data related to specific paths in your GitLab groups. The integration is also able to fetch data from different GitLab parent groups by providing additional group tokens. In order to do so, you need to map the desired paths to the relevant access tokens.
```

{"glpat-QXbeg-Ev9xtu5_5FsaAQ": ["**/DevopsTeam/*Service", "**/RnDTeam/*Service"],"glpat-xF7Ae-vXu5ts5_QbEgAQ9": ["**/MarketingTeam/*Service"]}
```

### `tokenGroupHooksOverrideMapping`

the integration can support listening to webhooks on specified groups, by configuring the `tokenGroupHooksOverrideMapping` parameter. this parameter is not required, and when you don't use it, the integration will listen to all of the root groups (if not using `useSystemHooks=true`)

Mapping format:

```text showLineNumbers
{"MY_FIRST_GROUPS_TOKEN": {"groups:"{"MY_FIRST_GROUP_FULL_PATH": {"events": [CHOSEN_EVENT_TYPES]}, "MY_OTHER_GROUP_FULL_PATH": {"events": [CHOSEN_EVENT_TYPES]}}}}
```

Example:
```text showLineNumbers
{"glpat-QXbeg-Ev9xtu5_5FsaAQ": {"groups": {"path/to/my-first-group": {"events": ["push_events", "merge_requests_events]}, "path/to/my-other-group": {"events": ["pipelines_events"]}}}}
```

> You could configure multiple tokens, and multiple groups per token (the token should have admin access to those groups), but there are some rules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure multiple tokens, and multiple groups per token (the token should have admin access to those groups), but there are some rules:
```

> - all of the tokens mentioned here must be contained in `tokenMapping`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All of the tokens mentioned here must be contained in `tokenMapping`.
```

> - key "groups" per each token is required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A "groups" key is required for each token.
```

> - all of the groups in all of the tokens must be non-hierarchical to each other, and not identical (duplicated)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All of the groups in all of the tokens must be non-hierarchical to each other, and not identical (duplicated).
```

> - the group path is the full path in gitlab, if a group path inserted was wrong, it will not find it in gitlab and the webhook will not be created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The group path is the full path in gitlab. If a group path is incorrect, the webhook will not be created.
```

- The events for each group must match the supported event types mentioned below. if you would like to have all the events provided in the webhook, you can use: `{"events" = []}`, but not eliminate this key completely, because it is required.

> 

Reviewer 2: This should be under the listening to hooks

Author: done

> - the events per each group must match the supported event types mentioned below. if you would like to have all the events provided in the webhook, you can use: `{"events" = []}`, but not eliminate this key completely, because it is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The events for each group must match the supported event types mentioned below. if you would like to have all the events provided in the webhook, you can use: `{"events" = []}`, but not eliminate this key completely, because it is required.
```

### `appHost` & listening to hooks

> 

Reviewer 2: I would change it to be `Configuring Realtime webhook events` title.
And have sub titles
- Exposing Endpoint for events 
   - App Host ( which is required for all event hooks options ).
   - The default webhook events behavior 
- Specific Group Webhooks
- System Hooks

Author: should I include what you wrote in the parentheses?

Author: done
